---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "leostream_center_ds Data Source - leostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The center data source allows you to retrieve a center with all of it's attributes from Leostream.
---

# leostream_center_ds (Data Source)

The center data source allows you to retrieve a center with all of it's attributes from Leostream.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `center_definition` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--center_definition))
- `center_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--center_info))
- `images` (Attributes List) List of available AMI's (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--center_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `center_definition`

Optional:

- `allow_rogue` (Number) Assign rogue users to desktops from this center.
- `allow_rogue_policy_id` (Number) Policy for rogue users.
- `continuous_autotag` (Number) Apply auto-tags every time center is scanned.
- `init_unavailable` (Number) Initialize desktops as unavailable.
- `name` (String) Name of the center.
- `new_as_deletable` (Number) New desktops are deletable.
- `notes` (String) Notes for the center.
- `offer_vms` (Number) Offer VMs to users from this center.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Interval in minutes to poll the center, 0 is don't poll.
- `proxy_address` (String) Proxy address for the center.
- `type` (String) Type of the center. Currently only 'amazon' is supported.
- `vc_auth_method` (String) Authorization method: For Amazon centers, either Access Key or any attached IAM role: 'access_key' or 'attached_role'.
- `vc_datacenter` (String) AWS region or a predefined value _custom if custom region is used.
- `vc_name` (String) The Access Key ID for a user with permission to access EC2.
- `vc_password` (String) The Secret Access Key for the user.
- `wait_inst_status` (Number) Wait for instance status to be running before assigning desktops.
- `wait_sys_status` (Number) Wait for system status to be valid before assigning desktops.


<a id="nestedatt--center_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `center_info`

Optional:

- `aws_sizes` (List of String) List of available AWS sizes
- `aws_sub_nets` (List of String) List of available AWS subnets
- `os` (String) Operating System
- `os_version` (String) Operating System Version


<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Optional:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
