---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "leostream_center Resource - leostream"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# leostream_center (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

resource "leostream_center" "awscenter" {
  center_definition = {
    name                  = "aws-center-us-east-1"
    type                  = "amazon"
    allow_rogue_policy_id = 0
    vc_datacenter         = "us-east-1"
    vc_name               = "aws_access key"
    vc_password           = "aws_secret key"
    vc_auth_method        = "access_key"
    wait_inst_status      = 1
    wait_sys_status       = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `center_definition` (Attributes) Center definition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--center_definition))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the center.

<a id="nestedatt--center_definition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `center_definition`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the center.

Optional:

- `allow_rogue` (Number) Assign rogue users to desktops from this center.
- `allow_rogue_policy_id` (Number) Policy for rogue users.
- `continuous_autotag` (Number) Apply auto-tags every time center is scanned.
- `init_unavailable` (Number) Initialize desktops as unavailable.
- `new_as_deletable` (Number) New desktops are deletable.
- `notes` (String) Notes for the center.
- `offer_vms` (Number) Offer VMs to users from this center.
- `poll_interval` (Number) Interval in minutes to poll the center, 0 is don't poll.
- `proxy_address` (String) Proxy address for the center.
- `type` (String) Type of the center. Currently only 'amazon' is supported.
- `vc_auth_method` (String) Authorization method: For Amazon centers, either Access Key or any attached IAM role: 'access_key' or 'attached_role'.
- `vc_datacenter` (String) AWS region or a predefined value _custom if custom region is used.
- `vc_name` (String) The Access Key ID for a user with permission to access EC2.
- `vc_password` (String, Sensitive) The Secret Access Key for the user.
- `wait_inst_status` (Number) Wait for instance status to be running before assigning desktops.
- `wait_sys_status` (Number) Wait for system status to be valid before assigning desktops.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.

# Order can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier.

terraform import leostream_center 123
```
